project-plan.md, before:

# V1.0

### Features

- ✅ About Me page
- ✅ Contact Footer
- ✅ Define format for data (dates, position, location, description)
- ✅ Experience pages (Component for pages about my experiences as software engineer)
- ✅ Remove files and folders from original template related to blog
- ✅ Experience pages (Component for pages about my experiences as software engineer)
- ✅ Remove files and folders from original template related to blog
- ✅ App hosting & deployment pipeline

# V1.1.2

### Features

✅- Skills page with two graphs
✅- Add Hambuger menu for small screens


# v1.2.2

✅- Add semantic release to the project
✅ - Setup Semantic for auto-generating a changelog

# v1.2.3

## Feature 
🕐- New design?
    - Turn this projec into your "Online CV" --> OnlineCv + DataHandler
        - Homepage. [Use this website as a reference](https://ashishps.com)
        - About me
            - Skills
            - Work Experience
        - Footer
            - LinkedIn
            - GitHub
            - [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/users/5208441/imlearningdontjudgeme)


# v1.3.0 --> Time to work with AZ stuff for Az204 

- Retrieve data from blob-storage
-- Use .json files instead of .mdx ?
-- Create subscription and resources on AZ
-- Store files with experience on the cloud

❓- Migrate  static_page to App Service on [Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/deploy-github-actions?tabs=openid%2Caspnetcore)
❓- Create pipeline on Github to connect with AZ (Deploy webapp to azure static webapp)

# vX.0.0 --> Time to create your own NPM 

- Version uses the component as a NPM package
-- IMPORTANT: Perhaps this could be its own project! To give it an input and create a graph based on the year of experience in different positions for different technologies

# vX.1.1

- Version of the skill page with icons and images
?-- Download the icons from the different technologies
?--- Generate the logos for the platforms & other technologies(i.e., 
[Promo](https://promo.com/tools/image-resizer/)
[Imagy](https://imagy.app/image-resizer/)
[ReesizePixel](https://www.resizepixel.com/resize-image/)
?--- Contribute to [this](https://github.com/abranhe/programming-languages-logos?tab=readme-ov-file) project and add platforms logos
)
?-- Store the icons in a specific folder (they should use the same size)
?-- Implement the icon of each technology based on the step above.

# vY.0.0 

- Migrate the website to the payload framework. This will help you to manage the content dynimically

# Backlog

- Translation Options (DE, ES)

### Bugs

- TODO: add new errors from the console

Commit message:

chore: code refactory and update project goals. (#22)

project-plan.md, after:

# V1.0

### Features

- ✅ About Me page
- ✅ Contact Footer
- ✅ Define format for data (dates, position, location, description)
- ✅ Experience pages (Component for pages about my experiences as software engineer)
- ✅ Remove files and folders from original template related to blog
- ✅ Experience pages (Component for pages about my experiences as software engineer)
- ✅ Remove files and folders from original template related to blog
- ✅ App hosting & deployment pipeline

# V1.1.2

### Features

✅- Skills page with two graphs
✅- Add Hambuger menu for small screens


# v1.2.2

✅- Add semantic release to the project
✅ - Setup Semantic for auto-generating a changelog

# v1.2.6

- ~~Update About page and footer~~
- Improve hamburger menu: it should show the nav-items in vertical
- Add link to portfolio page created with Vercel
- Replace react webpage icon

# 1.2.7

- Create the pending task for the project on GIthub
- Manually addd old version details to the project (changelog)

# v1.3.0 --> Time to work with AZ stuff for Az204 

- Create CosmoDB and create connector on the project to fetch data from there
- Create AZ function that updates/create cosmosDB item(s) once the blob is update
- Retrieve data from cosmosDB
- Make sure that it will continue working despite of using a static website

❓- Migrate  static_page to App Service on [Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/deploy-github-actions?tabs=openid%2Caspnetcore)
❓- Create pipeline on Github to connect with AZ (Deploy webapp to azure static webapp)

# vX.0.0 --> Time to create your own NPM 

- Version uses the component as a NPM package
-- IMPORTANT: Perhaps this could be its own project! To give it an input and create a graph based on the year of experience in different positions for different technologies

# vX.1.1

- Automate the way to generate the data from your CV
- Version of the skill page with icons and images
?-- Download the icons from the different technologies
?--- Generate the logos for the platforms & other technologies(i.e., 
[Promo](https://promo.com/tools/image-resizer/)
[Imagy](https://imagy.app/image-resizer/)
[ReesizePixel](https://www.resizepixel.com/resize-image/)
?--- Contribute to [this](https://github.com/abranhe/programming-languages-logos?tab=readme-ov-file) project and add platforms logos
)
?-- Store the icons in a specific folder (they should use the same size)
?-- Implement the icon of each technology based on the step above.

# vY.0.0 

- Migrate the website to the payload framework. This will help you to manage the content dynimically

# Backlog

- Translation Options (DE, ES)

### Bugs

- TODO: add new errors from the console
