Docs/project-plan.md, before:

# Project Plan Backlog

## v2.0.0

- Create CosmoDB and create connector on the project to fetch data from there
- Create AZ function that updates/create cosmosDB item(s) once the blob is update
- Retrieve data from cosmosDB
- Create pipeline on Github to connect with AZ (Deploy webapp to azure static webapp)

## vX.0.0 --> Time to create your own NPM 

- Replace react webpage icon
- Version uses the component as a NPM package
-- IMPORTANT: Perhaps this could be its own project! To give it an input and create a graph based on the year of experience in different positions for different technologies

## vX.1.1

- Automate the way to generate the data from your CV
- Version of the skill page with icons and images
?-- Download the icons from the different technologies
?--- Generate the logos for the platforms & other technologies(i.e., 
[Promo](https://promo.com/tools/image-resizer/)
[Imagy](https://imagy.app/image-resizer/)
[ReesizePixel](https://www.resizepixel.com/resize-image/)
?--- Contribute to [this](https://github.com/abranhe/programming-languages-logos?tab=readme-ov-file) project and add platforms logos
)
?-- Store the icons in a specific folder (they should use the same size)
?-- Implement the icon of each technology based on the step above.

## vY.0.0 

- Translation Options (DE, ES)

Commit message:

Update pipeline to use DockerHub and ACI (#55)
* feature: create new pipeline to deploy application to azure.

* fix: package manager used.

* fix: update the nextjs files and remove old dependencies from static project.

* fix: remove condition that is skipping the deploy job.

* fix: correct  the package path

* fix: Updated the artifact upload to include the correct build output (dist) along with other necessary files

* fix: pnpm command

* fix: app name on pipeline and extend docs.

* fix: variables used on the pipeline.

* chore: Update readme.

* fix: files to start the server on az-web-app.

* fix: change the installation of packages to pnpm.

* fix: simplify and correct startup workflow for azure.

* chore: directory veerification for the pipeline.

* fix: verify installation of the packages before running the app.

* fix: use npm instead of pnpm, and create new pipeline to deploy the app as a container.

* chore: change login method for the pipe to admin one (temporarely)

* chore: code refactory

* fix: styles and paging for the container running.

* fix: dynamic pages that were not loading on production version.

* chore: clean unncesary code for debugging.

* chore: update documentation and create project image for different platforms.

* fix: change the vars

* fix: clean pipeline trigger condition.

* chore: clean up pipelines and doc files.

* chore: change repository to dockerHub.

* fix: change the variables used to login into docker hub.

* fix: correct the image name.

* chore: create a secret for the image name.

* feature: create an ACI instead of an azure container app.

Docs/project-plan.md, after:

# Project Plan Backlog

## v2.0.1

- Include semantic in the newest pipeline 
- Add docs for step to use DNS for the containerApp

## vX.0.0 --> Time to create your own NPM 

- Replace react webpage icon
- Version uses the component as a NPM package
-- IMPORTANT: Perhaps this could be its own project! To give it an input and create a graph based on the year of experience in different positions for different technologies

## vX.1.1

- Automate the way to generate the data from your CV
- Version of the skill page with icons and images
?-- Download the icons from the different technologies
?--- Generate the logos for the platforms & other technologies(i.e., 
[Promo](https://promo.com/tools/image-resizer/)
[Imagy](https://imagy.app/image-resizer/)
[ReesizePixel](https://www.resizepixel.com/resize-image/)
?--- Contribute to [this](https://github.com/abranhe/programming-languages-logos?tab=readme-ov-file) project and add platforms logos
)
?-- Store the icons in a specific folder (they should use the same size)
?-- Implement the icon of each technology based on the step above.

## vY.0.0 

- Translation Options (DE, ES)
